power-the-polls-form/src/components/ptp-info-jurisdiction/readme.md, before:

# ptp-info-jurisdiction



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property         | Attribute         | Description                            | Type                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Default     |
| ---------------- | ----------------- | -------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------- |
| `addtl`          | --                | Props possibly passed in from the form | `undefined \| { name?: string \| undefined; city?: string \| undefined; county?: string \| undefined; zip?: string \| undefined; address1?: string \| undefined; state?: string \| undefined; email?: string \| undefined; phone?: string \| undefined; languages?: string \| undefined; age?: string \| undefined; jurisdictionId?: string \| undefined; }` | `undefined` |
| `jurisdictionId` | `jurisdiction-id` | ID of jurisdiction for Work Elections  | `number \| string \| undefined`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | `undefined` |


## Dependencies

### Used by

 - [ptp-info-poll-worker](../ptp-info-poll-worker)

### Depends on

- [ui-loading-spinner](../ui-loading-spinner)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  ptp-info-jurisdiction --> ui-loading-spinner
  ptp-info-poll-worker --> ptp-info-jurisdiction
  style ptp-info-jurisdiction fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

Commit message:

added ui-geojson-to-svg component to render jurisdiction map; added work elections fetch to get geojson

power-the-polls-form/src/components/ptp-info-jurisdiction/readme.md, after:

# ptp-info-jurisdiction



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property         | Attribute         | Description                            | Type                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Default     |
| ---------------- | ----------------- | -------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------- |
| `addtl`          | --                | Props possibly passed in from the form | `undefined \| { name?: string \| undefined; city?: string \| undefined; county?: string \| undefined; zip?: string \| undefined; address1?: string \| undefined; state?: string \| undefined; email?: string \| undefined; phone?: string \| undefined; languages?: string \| undefined; age?: string \| undefined; jurisdictionId?: string \| undefined; }` | `undefined` |
| `jurisdictionId` | `jurisdiction-id` | ID of jurisdiction for Work Elections  | `number \| string \| undefined`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | `undefined` |


## Dependencies

### Used by

 - [ptp-info-poll-worker](../ptp-info-poll-worker)

### Depends on

- [ui-loading-spinner](../ui-loading-spinner)
- [ui-geojson-to-svg](../ui-geojson-to-svg)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  ptp-info-jurisdiction --> ui-loading-spinner
  ptp-info-jurisdiction --> ui-geojson-to-svg
  ptp-info-poll-worker --> ptp-info-jurisdiction
  style ptp-info-jurisdiction fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------
